Update CHANGELOG in master (#1223)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log for AWS IoT Device SDK for Embedded C

## 202009.00 (September 2020)

> This release is **NOT** backwards compatible with the v3 version of AWS IoT Device SDK for Embedded C.

Reviewer: Does Amit want this at the end of the section?

Reviewer 2: Yes pls, same as what we did in release candidate branch.

Reviewer 2: Please make sure this file is same as the file in https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/pull/1206.

Reviewer 2: Not https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/pull/1206, but pls make sure this file is exactly same as its version from release-candidate.

# Change Log for AWS IoT Device SDK for Embedded C

## 202009.00 (September 2020)

### Major Changes

> - This release introduces re-factored **MQTT** client library, **JSON** parser library and **AWS IoT Shadow** client library.  

Author: ```suggestion
- This release introduces the re-factored **MQTT** client library, **JSON** parser library and **AWS IoT Shadow** client library.  
```

> These libraries have gone through code quality checks including for [GNU Complexity](https://www.gnu.org/software/complexity/manual/complexity.html), [MISRA coding standard](https://www.misra.org.uk/MISRAHome/MISRAC2012/tabid/196/Default.aspx), [Coverity statical analysis](https://scan.coverity.com/), and [AWS CBMC automated reasoning tool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwQHAPRhQkI&feature=youtu.be&t=1721) to validate memory safety and functional correctness proof.

Author: ```suggestion
These libraries have gone through code quality checks including verification that no function has a [GNU Complexity](https://www.gnu.org/software/complexity/manual/complexity.html) score over 8, and checks against deviations from mandatory rules in the [MISRA coding standard](https://www.misra.org.uk/MISRAHome/MISRAC2012/tabid/196/Default.aspx). They have also undergone both static analysis from [Coverity static analysis](https://scan.coverity.com/) and validation of memory safety and functional correctness proof through the [CBMC automated reasoning tool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwQHAPRhQkI&feature=youtu.be&t=1721).
```

- This release uses submodule references to the following new individual repositories for the MQTT, JSON and AWS IoT Shadow service client libraries under `libraries` folder:
   - [FreeRTOS/coreMQTT](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT) for MQTT client library
   - [FreeRTOS/coreJSON](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/JSON) for JSON parser library
   - [aws/device-shadow-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk](https://github.com/aws/device-shadow-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk) for AWS IoT Shadow service client library.

> - With this release, we are introducing a [date-based versioning scheme](LINK TO README EXPLAINING VERSIONING ONCE UPDATED).

Reviewer 3: Do we want to merge this with this still in here?

Author: We are planning to merge it as part of the MCM . This will be done after the release created in github. Do you see a problem with that?

Reviewer 3: If you merge this after the MCM that would be perfect, only me reviewing now will be a bit futile as the update will make the review stale :)

Author: Thanks Cobus. Since this CHANGELOG file is added as a new file, I think we will be able to just update the branch from github UI and all the approvals will be kept. Only if I have to use commandline to rebase it, it will make your review stale.

> - With this release, we are introducing a [date-based versioning scheme](LINK TO README EXPLAINING VERSIONING ONCE UPDATED).

Author: ```suggestion
- With this release, we are introducing a [date-based versioning scheme](README.md#versioning).
```
